---
title: 2024 Secondary 1 Posting
permalink: /latest-announcements/announcement/permalink/2024-secondary-1-posting/
date: 2023-12-19
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Dear Parents/Guardians of Secondary 1 Students,</p><p>The school would like to extend a warm welcome to all Secondary 1 students and parents/guardians into the Bartley Family.</p><p>Your child/ward will receive his/her posting to Bartley Secondary School on <strong>Wednesday, 20 December 2023</strong>. He/she is <strong>not required</strong> to report physically to our school for registration.</p><p><strong>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Online Survey</strong></p><p>1.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The school would need to gather some information from you to help us better understand your child’s/ward’s needs as well as to prepare for the upcoming orientation.</p><p>1.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/needsparent" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a><strong> </strong>to fill in the online survey form.</p><p>1.3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For assistance, please contact the school at 6288 9013.</p><p>&nbsp;We have put together some useful information below for you and your child/ward to look through before the start of the academic year on Tuesday, 2 January 2024.</p><p><strong>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Welcome Message by Principal</strong></p><p>2.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please click <strong><u>here</u></strong> to view a welcome message by our Principal.</p><p><strong>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Administrative Information for Students</strong></p><p>3.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We have prepared an information sheet for Secondary 1 students to help them prepare for the start of a new school year. Students are to read and familiarise themselves with the details.</p><p>3.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please click <a href="/files/2024_Secondary_1_Information_Sheet.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to download the Information Sheet for Secondary 1 Students.</p><p><strong>&nbsp;4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Higher Mother Tongue Language &amp; 3rd Language</strong></p><p>&nbsp;4.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For students who are eligible to offer Higher Mother Tongue Language and/or 3rd Language, the acceptance form will be sent to you via Parents Gateway (PG) or FormSG from Thursday, 21 December 2023. The deadline for submission is Tuesday, 26 December 2023.</p><p><strong>5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Full Subject-Based Banding (FSBB)</strong></p><p>&nbsp;5.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Parent/Guardian of child/ward who is eligible to take subjects at a more demanding level will receive the SBB acceptance form via Parents Gateway (PG) from Thursday, 21 December 2023. The deadline for submission is Tuesday, 26 December 2023.</p><p>5.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Click <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/microsites/psle-fsbb/full-subject-based-banding/main.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for more information on FSBB.</p><p>5.3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you would like to speak to the key personnel in charge of a particular subject, please indicate your preference through the online survey form – refer to paragraph 1.2.</p><p><strong>6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Book and Uniform Purchase</strong></p><p>6.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Parents/Guardians are highly encouraged to purchase your child’s/ward’s books and uniform <strong>online</strong> from <strong>Thursday, 21 December 2023 to</strong> <strong>Saturday, 23 December 2023</strong> so that orders can be delivered to your residence before the start of the new school term (online ordering for self-collection in school is not available). Alternatively, you may walk-in to school to make your purchase. If your child/ward receives an offer for subject(s) at a more demanding level, you are advised to purchase the books after confirming your decision.</p><p>The following is the opening hours of our school bookshop in December 2023.&nbsp;</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Date</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Venue</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>21 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Canteen</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>22 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Canteen</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>26 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Classroom Block</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>27 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Wednesday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Classroom Block</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>28 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Classroom Block</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>29 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Classroom Block</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 a.m. – 3 p.m.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>&nbsp;For more information, please click <a href="https://www.bartleysec.moe.edu.sg/information/parents/purchase-of-books-n-school-uniform/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> .</p><p>6.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For parent/guardian who has applied for <strong>MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS)</strong> for your child/ward, you are required to bring along the letter of approval for FAS and show it to the staff at the General Office &nbsp;before collecting his/her books and uniform. Online purchase is not applicable.</p><p>6.3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please note the required school attire for students on a daily basis.&nbsp;</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>School Attire</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Monday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Girls: School blouse with school skirt</p><p>Boys: School shirt with school bermudas</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday to Friday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Girls: School Polo-Tee with school skirt</p><p>Boys: School Polo-Tee with school bermudas</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><em>* Students have to change into their PE attire during PE lessons (2 days per week).</em></p><p><strong>7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Enrolment for School-Based Health &amp; Dental Services</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong>7.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A digital letter to parents/guardians will be disseminated via Parents Gateway (PG) on Tuesday, 2 January 2024 for parental consent to be given prior to the commencement of school-based programmes in 2024.</p><p><strong>&nbsp;8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Appeal for school transfer</strong></p><p>&nbsp;8.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; To seek transfer to Bartley Secondary School (non-medical), please click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/nonmedical23" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to fill in and submit this form by <strong>Tuesday, 26 December 2023.</strong></p><p>&nbsp;8.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For queries related to school transfer, please contact the school at <strong>6288 9013 </strong>from <strong>Wednesday, 20 December 2023, 10 a.m. to Thursday, 21 December 2023, 10am.</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong>8.3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For medical reasons, please contact the posted secondary school directly.</p><p>&nbsp;<strong>9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Q&amp;A</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong>Parent/Guardian may submit your questions by clicking <a href="https://go.gov.sg/regqn23" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>. We will answer your queries within 3 working days. Alternatively, you may call the school directly at 6288 9013.</p><p></p>